Autobiography page
Early childhood 2000-2008

1. Sport
From the four years old I play football because my family think, that I need to play football. Also it's because my father play football in team and have more than 39 cups for it. He play from the early ages. 
All the time when I play football from 4-8 years I haven't pleasant reaction from my team and trainer. 
I don't like to play football, because everyone wants to make me bad. Everyone said that I'm stupid and haven't possibilities to play.  I play in the second team during 2012 year and haven't possibilities to go back. 

More than football I like to play chess, that show for me all of different kinds of moving. I play chess about 2 years and have 2nd discharge. 

I also like swimming and study it about 3 years. End studying around 2009 year because swimming pool comes to renovation of their foundation to 2 years. After renovation I can't study it because they take pupils only under 9 years. I really like swimming, but after this I study it only on practice. 

Volleyball, pionerball and basketball I really like in primary school and have good results, but I can't play abroad school.

So the best sport that I like is football swimming and chess. Football I play from 2004, swimming from 2006 to 2009. Chess from 2005 to 2008.

2. Courses
In my early childhood my family give me a lot of different types of studying by courses. First of all, that I have been loved at 5 years in 2005 year is logical thinking. I have been studying logic 2 years. 
I really like drawing courses, where we study the most valuable things  in art by brush and pencils. 

3. Children garden
I went to children garden at 2 years old. Children garden is the first place where the human study to socialization and fundamental disciplines. I have been studying in children garden from 2002 to 2007 year. 
I have 2 friends and I talk with all children's diplomatically. I haven't enemies, but sometimes I have differences in view with others. We have a lot of fundamental disciplines like physical education, mathematics, languages, art, environment and of course plays. 
The most interesting for me at that moment is physical education, but in real I like all of disciplines. 
Food that we have isn't good in the most, but we have once in week cupcakes and this is the best cupcakes that I have been eating during all my life.
We have a lot of different toys and small outside place where we walking and playing. 
I have some valuable stories from children garden.

First story about how our educators relate with us. When we are coming after dinner sleep some of children and I ask educators to scratch back they help us a lot of time and we are nice talking during it. When educators leave sleeping place with two-stages beds, that is situated for all of sides. I start talking with my friends and I can't sleep after dinner, because I don't want. I always lying about 2 hours and when educators want to check us, I always pretended to sleep. 

Second story is the story about me and my friends. I have 2 best friends this is one girl and one boy. I don't remember what's the name of girl and can't find it, because after 2006 she has been left our garden and I can't communicate with her any more. I really like to talk and play with her and all the time we are wasting the time more than others in children garden. I may said, that we have been good friends. I remember one story only with her, this story about our fantasy. We are running and thinking about something mysterious and interesting. I may said that this is my first valuable story in life that I remember.
We are running near the walls of foundation of our children garden and watching to the basement through metal grid. We are discuss about rats that may live in the basement and truing to see them. After this we are looking to the space and talk about enemies-aliens, that can attack us and we need to defend. We are imagine plasma-guns from them we are shooting to the sky. Creating some stories on to go and their continue. 
Second my best friend from children garden is Danya Mahinya. With him we are talking äàæå after children garden. The last of view in real with him is 2008 year. 
With my best friends we have the secret place outside children garden foundation. This is the corner of territory of children garden where are some trees that create some environment in 3 m2. There are we seating for all walking time and create ideas. I trying some times to eat ants and at the moment of writing this text I don't understand why I do it. But this is real and I remember that they have sour taste. 

Third story short and really show me. At 3 years all of children answer the question - “What profession do you prefer?” 
All of my mates answer something simple lice policeman, fireman, nurse, teacher and etc. 
But I said that I want to be the president.  
I understand and remember it only when I talk after with my educator Lubov. She remember it for all time and when I meet her he said first it. 

4. School
First time I go to school in 2006 year because I go to the after-school lessons. This is the school named Gymnasium ¹11 with main discipline English. My first teacher is Marina Alexandrovna. 
My class contains at 1st stage 31 pupils. We have relations with all class, but mostly all separated to gender. Girls mostly talks with girls, boys mostly talk with boys. My best friends in school is Yura Zhuk, Egor Trachuk and Max Stratu. I talk with Peter Senin, Nikita Samarkhanov, Vladimir Vasiliev, Mikhail Romanov, Nikita Dragunov. 
I like disciplines in school like Mythology, Physical Education, Art, Mathematics, English. 
I have some stories in school and now I try to talk about some of them.

First story that I want to show is the story about sport in school. I and my best friends often play football in corridor during the break. We haven't possibilities to play with ball because there are too small place to playing about 4x2.5 meters. We create gates from closed doors and balls from cap of bottles. When we were in first and second grade we play with pupils from third and fourth grades. 
After playing football we need to clean floor from lines that we make from boots. We crawled on our knees with a rubber band in hand and erase all lines. 

Second story is story from second grade. Story starts from me and market. I find in market paper with stickers for 10 rubles and buy about 5 papers of stickers.  Next day I come to school and start my small business. I start selling one sticker for 5-10 rubles, on 1 paper were 7-8 stickers. So I sell 1 sticker with marginality 90-120%. So after first day all my class give me orders to buy stickers and I sell all stickers. On the next day I start new way to sell. Previously I sell all my stickers personally, but now I start small market in classroom. When the teacher go off from classroom I rotate my class-table to 90 degrees and show all my products on table. I have more sells and my friend Max Stratu start selling with me. Some of my classmates do it too. Because they have some of my stickers and some of their stickers from home. On the 3rd day all class do it like me, when teacher go off from classroom. We selling more and I was the best seller of class and I start this main stream. The end of story start on the 5th day when I sell my best deal. I sell 1 sticker for 250 rubles, this is about 2500% marginality. On the 6th day our teacher got it and give me attention. Teacher caused my parents to school and I could be kicked out of school.

Third school story about my bad and stupidness. I be anger to Max Stratu and want to jump to him. I jump and he is go to left. I jumped to wall by head. I have a hole in head and when I go off classroom I drip blood from my head hole to all class-tables. After this problem I went to hospital and they sewed my head like Harry Potter have. 

I have A grades in all disciplines with only 10 – B grades for a 2 years. And one time I have A+ this is incredible because we haven't this mark in culture.

5. Friend

My best friends is Alexey Kokurenkov, Yura Zhuk, Egor Trachuk, Max Stratu, Danya Mahinya. Alexey Kokurenkov – family friend, we often travel to different countries. I'm older than him for 1 year. 

I haven't friends in girls or don't want to think so, but I talk with them sometimes. 
Some of them Veronika Surova, Ekaterina Aminina, Anastasia Ponomareva. 

We often play in different games, that often created by my mind. 

I have some friends from village or from family. Like Vetalyk Karavashkin or Igor Dockin.
.
6. Family

I have a normal relationship with my family. My father don't talk with me too much because he is on work a lot of time. 

With mother I have difficult relationship, but she loved me.

A lot of time I have different discipline standards in family and I always want to lye or change them.

At this moment I have grandfather, grandmother, mother,father, godfather, godmother.

I don't love or like my family, but I have value for them.I don't use love or like in simple.

Always I have a bad ïîâåäåíèå with all times, that valuable by environment. But I don't think so.

I like talk only with grandfather and grandmother, because they have along way and they know how to live. I don't interested in mother and father or people less then 50 years old. 

I have and know only one grandfather and mother, because in family tree of father I don't know no one. My grandfather by my mother is amazing man, he play rugby and be Jurist + in the past he is in part of USSR in Geodesic work.

I have godfather and godmother, godfather – Vladimir Tyschenko, godmother – Yulya Aminina.
Yulya is my aunt and she is very Orthodox.
Vladimir is friend of my father and every time, when he comes to me he gives me 5 thousand of rubles. 



7. Science

From 3 years I start interest to books and mathematics. 
I really like studying and I do it every time.
I start reading in 5 years old.
First, that I love like book is encyclopedia. I may seating about 5-6 hours reading encyclopedia day by day, next book that I prefer is book about dragons or some dinosaurs. 
Next step in reading is magazines or journals, one of the best names “Science Galileo”. I read about 100 parts of that book.
Next is “World Nature” journal that have a lot of description of animals and their characteristics. I have about 5 toms of this journal.
“Aviation”, “Automobiles” journals, that I don't prefer so much, but I have a lot parts too. 

I really like to read books about mythology of Ancient Greek, Roman and Egypt. Norway, Indochinese, Chinese I know too, but I don't like them so much.

This books I read for a long time and may spend some days to read them.

In second grade I start finding books from high school and start reading. My classmate Angelika, that have books from high school wants to waste books for chemistry, physics and algebra from 8-9 grade. I take them and when I come to home, I start reading books with misunderstanding, but I read book for several hours and try to read some pages.

I always ask adults. What we can do with numbers. At second grade I know about multiply and divide. After this I start asking more and more so after I know about exponentiation and radical. This all I know at 8-9 years. 

In school every year I win first place in competition for maths calling “Êåíãóðó”, I don't go to second stages in competitions because I haven't target to win. I have target to understand my qualification. So I take a part of all competitions for disciplines because I interested in testing me, but I haven't big results in other disciplines. 

8. Art

Art in me from 1 year old. I want to draw, modeling, writing.

First image, that I have is Pirate map from 3 years old. I write different countries on map in play with them by imagination.

At 5 years I create from paper dog, that have sizes like 110x40x50 cm 

At 6-7 years in village I work with wood and earth. I dig big pit 80x80x200 to try how it looks like. I do a lot of different swords and furniture by planks. I really like to work with instruments and create something new. 

I like dancing and music for all my life. First of songs I hear at 3 years. First, that I really like – Verka Serduychka. I really like to dance for it. The best of her songs “Vse budet horosho” - “All will be good”. 
Films that I like is all parts Harry Potter & Star Wars.

9. Travel

In the past we are travel enough. Every year one time. 
Often we travel to Spain. I like this country they have interesting environment and colors.

Else we travel to Cyprus, Egypt, Italy, Belarus, Thailand.

When I have been in other countries I often find out different ways to play and entertainment.

I have some stories about traveling. One of them is story about how I walk in countries alone. Every year in every country my family lose me, but I don't get lose, because I play and interested in world. Only one time I really scared. 
I stand near spray drawer and my mom go away. I don't see it and start finding her. Shouting and running. I find her really fast and come again watch street drawer. I'm 3 years old. 

Next years I lose and talk with other people to wait family or something else. I don't know their language but I have a physical communication and they understand me. Sometimes I seating and finding food in hotel by workers in hotel. After lunch I walk and find my family. They really misunderstanding, how I do it at 4-5 years old.
After 5 years I drop out from family way and find way to them again. But in the next times they don't scared. They remember, that I'm good at topography. 

When we are going to beach I create enormous foundations from sand. Playing with sea, I create big walls for some levels and wait how long they stay without me. The best result of my building near sea be in 8 years old, my foundation from sand staying about 3 days. 
Else we play near washing stations, it's may be disgusted but we play with dirty water from other people. I and my friends create rivers that compare water and clean dirty water from clean by a lot of dam, that contain different levels of water. 

So at more we play with jellyfish we often compare a lot of them to one bucket. After this who is more interested put hand and wait sting us or not.

10. Village

I don't like my village for several reasons. This is really far from my home, this is really old and I haven't possibilities for upgrade in village without socialization and internet. 
So I like village for seems reasons because I can really rest of it.

In the village that named “Strashnitsi. We have an river,three churches and about 50 houses. People lived there about 30 humans. 

I haven't a lot of stories from village.
First story, from village we often play in trees and create home in them, several floors. Create some rooms in bushes and ladder from tree. We spend a lot of time with my friends Igor Dockin, Alexandra Mehno, Veronika Surova to create it. 

Second story about, how I help my grandmother than she was ill. I was 5 years old, this is autumn. We have been in village only with grandmother. There are 5-10 degrees on street this is really cold to be there. My grandmother can't wake up because her back paralyzed. I need to burn fire in bake. I don't do it before solo, but I see how adult do it. I do it really fast and start help my grandmother. So one day and all comes good. But my grandmother really surprised in it. 

So my doing in village is helping my grandmother at most. But I really like to grow some plants, create some health medicine from plants, carpeting, dig.


11. Illness

I have only 2 big problems. All of them connected with heat. One of them from bonfire. In the village we are often fire our waste. Now I understand, that it's very bad and don't want to do it and don't want if my environment do it. Plastic bottle sparkled in bonfire and drop to my left hand small peace of hot liquid plastic (polyester may be), so after it I have a scar. 

Second story about hot tea and hot liquid. At 4 years old I drink tea and it dropped out to my body. After it I have a big burn. About 4 weeks I come to better feeling and restoration. 

Third story about my imprint by sun. So it's ultraviolet dotted imprint on left side of stomach.

Autobiography page
Middle childhood 2009-2013

1. Computer

I have my first computer st 8-9 years in 2009 year. I find my interest and I really like this technology. 

First that I do on computer, I drive in internet, play and watch. 
First social network is Vkontakte and e-mail.
First games that I play Age Of Mythology, Swords & Sandals 2, Heroes of might and magic 3.
I play different games in internet for the first time, after it I buy some DVD discs with games. 
Some games show for me my environment. For example my uncle show for me Counter Strike source, my friend from village Vetalik show for me Heroes of Might and magic 3. 
At 9 years old I start programming on simple languages, like robots. Understand simple code rules  for system.

Games that I really like at 10 years is Spore, Civilization, Counter Strike, Sims and battlefield. 
At this year I start using Pascal and writing small programmes in excel. I use all of opportunities of windows like AppData and changing parametres by WinLog. I really fast watch all of possibilities of computer machine. Social networks the same – Vkontakte. 

At 11 years old I start programming on Html, Css & C++. Using for additional knowledge of my teacher to upgrade my skills. Play more to Counter Strike Spore Civilization Crusaders and a lot of different strategy. One of game that I try to understand and play Capitalism, this is hard simulator of economical environment. I really like this but it's hard to understand with professional terminology. 
  
At 12 years old I first time see Minecraft. I remember it for all my life, music, colors and of course environment at all. I wonder to play this game and can't hold my interest. I play several hours from first start and for the next 3 months every day. This is amazing game. I may write book of stories from minecraft and may be do it after times. This will be amazing, because it's story without time connection. This stories may be about past times, about fundamental of human living and reformation. No one writes Literature about games like novel, but we can create interesting continue of story from this. Social networks in most of all using is Vkontakte, At this moment I have about 10000 messages in 3 different E-mail addresses. About 500-1000 accounts in internet. 10 sites for different thematics with money creating by banners. Sites like forums and file managers. I create them on constructors, like Ucoz WP and Drupal. I often wants to create Social Network and some games. I ask a lot of questions to my uncle because he is a programmer, but in most he don't say me something useful. I start from Java and plugins for different games. I start hacking launchers and valuable programmes. Write some interesting games, but I don't spend a lot of time to create something from zero. Because a lot of already created. Often I edit that we already have. Of course I do something for me only. But it's simple games on javascript css and html. Tetris, simulators, ping-pong. So I play a lot to minecraft. My parents during 9 years don't give me to play enough I don't anger at the moment because this is give me smart moving. For example my parents come to my room at 22 PM and 7 AM. I pretended to sleep after they check I stand up and play about 2-3 hours after 22 PM and 2 hours before 7 AM. I may stand up at 3-4 hours and start sleep at 00-01. I train my organism to sleep a few hours and do it 2 years every day when I need to go to school. When I don't need to go to school I may don't sleep sometimes. May be I don't productive enough, but I have been in passion and do a lot to make it real. 

At 13 years old I first time play Dota 2 and this is like drug because I don't understand now, why I play, but I have a good results in game. Best games for 2013-2014 year is Minecraft with a lot of plugins, Dota 2, Spore, Civilization, Mount&Blade, Battlefield. I also play to Xbox to kinect, but I don't like it so much. At this age I start my own servers on minecraft create launcher and site. Compare 3 different server and create them, about 50 people have been here every day. Sometimes more I start make money from it. At different way I probably want to be youtuber, but after some tries I can't do it more. May be I drop to internet 15 videos about strong structures and algorithms in minecraft from redstone, pistons, transmissions. Training videos about it. After it I don't do nothing more in bloger way. I start working with Adobe Premier, Photoshop, Illustrator, After Effects, Audition sometimes I try to use Sony Vegas Pro. Music covering and comparing like FL studio. I try to work with a lot of this programmes after it but now I work in them with target. My mother is professional photographer and I know about Photographing a lot, like ISO, Aperture, Aspect Ratio, Bokeh, Depth of Field, Digital & Optical, Focus, Flash Sync and something more. In programming this year is year about Java, Html, CSS, Javascript, MySQL, PHP. 

From 12 years I often do money from Internet and make all better.-- 

2. School

In 9 years I have been studied in 3rd class. 
Little story from my middle childhood similar with gold rush. It's about collecting cards from magazines. In Russia at 2008-2012 people buy magazines that have small pack with 6 cards in one pack. Here some categories from usual, rare to incredible or very rare. We are collecting cards from journal “Supercars”, “Ninja Turtles” and one more. I have a lot of cards about cars. And in 9 years I start trading them very well from 100 cards I make 250 different types by walking for different floors and talking with other pupils. In 4th grade I have the best deal of my collection, I walking on floors and watching traders. So I find pupil from 3rd grade, that seat and show the rarest card from the collection. At that moment this card is Bugatti Veyron Supersport, This is onecard for all school and the rarest one in collection, I come to pupil and start talk and selling, so after 5 minutes of talking and presentation I change about 20 cards to this. To the next day his father comes to me and start screaming to take back this card. I don't give back card, because it's real barter or deal, and save this. 
I start study Informatics in school and I have a nice results, but in real I more study at home abroad study process either in school on homework.  Every homework from 4th class I do at break between lessons. I can't said that it's good for official results, but it's useful for me and my skills. During 5 first grades I have nice results for all disciplines. But at 10 years in 2010-2011 I start asking for joke: “For what we are studying?” no one of all teachers can't ask to this question, it's may be main problem. But I think that it's way that was predetermined. I start think about it and find my answer and way. The result all of it, my value of school coming to full zero or less to the minus value. 
During first 6 grades I study and everyday go to school. At 13 years I start skip my classes without official reasons, but we study in gymnasium and I need to show official reasons for all time. Usually  I need to falsify records or change my reason. I find a lot of ways to do it from calling another man that pretended to be my parents or create health problems sometimes they may be real, but short in time. Because I know medicine and find some pharmacy in my home that may do this result like high temperature, rash or sounds from stomach. 
I study a lot, but school don't know about it. In school I have been really ugly duck during 1-7 grade. All class that feels yourself cool wants to joke to me. Said me something nasty or sometimes make. 
One time 3 best friends Kate,Anastasia and Alyona that really don't like me create a song and drop it to YouTube and social networks. This song needs to humiliate me main text of this song is “Kudryavtsev ginger burr golliwog(freak)”. After this song all class start to joke to me this phrase. Usually I haven't reaction to it, but sometimes to really stupid speech I can't silence, sometimes I said something, but if I start talking and give reaction classmates start joking more and more. At all I don't throw words to it. 
I don't remember a lot of jokes, because they haven't interesting or big value.
But some of them I remember. 
One story more is story about how my classmates blamed everything on me. This is from 6 class, my classmates seating in toilet and eating chips. I come to toilet for task, but they start calling me after. I come to them and they give me chips. They have a big pocket of chips may be 3 liters, this is important in story. They said me an task that I need to do to eat more, drop out from window pocket of chips full of water. I don't think about it in this ages may be simple curiosity or physic interest. When I come to water crane my classmates throw 3 pockets of ketchup and sauce. This is terrible to see, all toilet full of ketchup mayones and other sauces. I come to window open and fast drop it. It's my worst doing for all life. Pocket fall down in 10 cm from cleaning lady this is 4rd floor 3 litres of water. We may simulate it 11-13 meters and 3 kg from it kill human. I don't know this is the reason to joke to me by my classmates or chance. But this is doing by me, and I change around after this action. I start be more careful to humans, their actions and offers. I start think about everything what I and in all believe to someone. Of course what have been in toilet was hung to me. All dirt all actions and all bads. Classmates in director cabinet write all to my bad. After this I have a big problems in school, they put me on police record and want to kick me from school. Only because I have been smart and good guy previously give me chance to study after. 

In school I go to every competitions from sport to all disciplines. Also that we haven't in study process. I come to astronomy, maths, physics, chemistry, history, languages, geography, informatics, logic and etc.

In 13 years schoolers from higher grades start joke to me to. There are some guys that every our meeting have principle to said me nasty things. Often not at all to said they beat and pressed me physically. Sometimes they pressed me to woman toilet and close me here. Sometimes in dinner room they throwing food and humiliated me. I don't said it to adults or someone who can help me, always I try to talk and find ways to end this problems by words, diplomatically. 

Mathematics is the best discipline that I really like. I be the best in the class for the mathematics. Our teacher is the best teacher of Saint-Petersburg in 2009, 2010, 2011. His person write in newspapers. His name is Mahover Michail Sergeevich, the best point of this teacher is unsystem studying and free mind. He is the best teacher in school and his word, one of the main, because all school esteem him. He gives to the best schoolers different way to have grades and to study. He gives the hardest tasks for logic or to the near mathematics disciplines after some of the hardest tasks he could rate a year or fourth instantly. I have been rated to fourth 2 times and year 1 time to A assessment. This is amazing I go to every tournament from this teacher. He have the best politics to schoolars because averyone different and only two teachers give differenttasks for good and simple schoolars. This is teacher of mathematics and informatics I love during all grades only this disciplines. 

Mathematics, Informatics and Physical Education the best 3 disciplines for me. 

Before 8th grade I have been nard for all classmates and some of teachers.

Some of story is my finding ways to don't study. One of it – I dropout papers from recorder and change them to full copy. May be erasebal pen to put marks or attentions. Once I create full copy of school site and change marks in it. I find all ways to change marks in my recorder or change marks in writing form. But after creating online version before 13 years old I don't know what I need to do, because study in school for me unbelievable uncomfortable way. In 7th class I start think about it and create full copy of site when my mom go out from home, because I may do it only on her computer, cause password and login. About 3 times my mom left home for 30 minutes and I create full copy of school site. I have a possibilities to have remote control of teachers computer, but it's not legal. I come to mothers computer and change reposetory of site to my, buy domain and hosting create the same bookmark and delete previous. About 6 months I control all my marks.) 
But after all coming so bad that my mother ask to school and show real marks in recorder. That is really funny but, not for me at the moment.

3. Business

My main business at middle childhood was internet, games and platforms. At 13 years old I start work like order worker by my skills in programming and gaming.
I create an internet sites by constructor make marketing and create content. My maximum site average visitors in 2012 year is 500-550. This is site about games.
Some of others sites have average users about 50 or less because I have less time for them. My sites were about me, games, plugins/addons, new science, applications for work, online films and something that I don't remember, but sometimes I copy usable sites becsause I do it better. 
My platform in minecraft have 3 servers. Technology, Magic and Vanilla, we do it with my friend MaxStratu. He create content and environment on server, I create all other, like launcher, site, servers, connection and at all. So I've been 12-13 years old and I can't create all by me. But I create really unique thing, when copy launcher of someone. I create all UI design and all of data connections to our hosting and all technical moments. We back all money from this project and may be come to small minus. But it's really good for twelve years. We use site for 6 months and humans play there 5 months. 

In the end of 13 years I start selling accounts for different games on site with marginallity about 50 – 400 %. 

4. Friends

At this stage of being I spend a lot time with Max Stratu. So we have a small business in game and interesting points of similar interest. 
At the same I spend all time abroad country with Alexey Kokurenkov. I really like to talk and play with him in reallity. We really can find themes to talk and know how to spend time with interest. 
Yura Zhuk Egor Trachuk and Konstantin Makarov the best friends from school. We often talk walk and have fun in school. 
Girls don't talk with me at all, but I have 2 sisters Ekaterina Aminina and girl, that like sister for me Veronika Surova. With girls I don't contact during all previous life. And with my friends I don't talk a lot too. 

With Konstantin Makarov I have interesting spend of time. We are trying to play with chemystry. We are trying to create small bombs from bottle and some medicine. We are creating reaction that reduced a lot of gas. And after fill in all bottle gas break it with a lot of sound and of course by a lot of power.

After school we often play behind the school with classmates on playground. There we play to different games one of them WWE or something like hide n seek and catch up. I don't like WWE because all my life I don't like fighting and I don't fight in life any time. I think this is non humanistic. I better talk between fight or if my enemy don't want talk I better run away.

With my friend Alex Kokyrenkov every time when we are travel together I imagine different games. This is games like all games in phone, that isn't be in this time. We are have paper and imagination, on paper we create a small towns for everyone I have my paper and Alex have his paper. On this papers we create a lot of different buildings that starts by small house in center. Our main task is finding materials and resources. We are imagine some instruments, like axe, pickaxe and shovel. We are walking around our environment and imagine that we create resources by hit trees and stones. After one hit we have some resource and may create better instrument, that have another characteristics and speed. This is only mind game. Because after we have a small workers that create every second some resources. After it we create town and imagine enemies that we need to destroy or defend from them. The best play we have in 2012 year when we create about 5 m2 map from paper on floor from different towns and a lot of workers. So we play also to games like building cities from sand or some tricks in water. We train on sport ground or swimming on time for 100 meters distance. Making soup from jellyfish or train our reaction to their poison.

5. Rest

All my rest it's changing of doings, because I never like to doing nothing and I often create something new. Sometimes I talk and nothing create, but talking I don't loke too. I like create something new. 
 
6. Family

My family grows up and in 2008 year I have a brother and in 2012 I have a sister. I really love them and often play with them. Sometimes I train with my brother by playing some sports or read with him books. I show how to play different games and understand a work of technic. 
My parents don't talk or do with me something, they only com\ntrol me that I don't like. When I start losing my interest to school my parents try to control me more and I run away from home at 13 years yet. I often try to understand my parents something but they often think that they are oo smart to hear me. I end my trying and start be in my mind and don't change my vision with family. They don't understand me and think that i'm stupid. They try to give me good school in 13 years and give me possibilitiesto fly abroad to study. But I don't want to take money from family and I disagree with this idea. And study for free in russia. So after all my disagreement my family lose control for time to time. And I live for myself everytime count what I need to give back for my family. Because I don't believe to relations from 12 years and often try to find real count for everything. A lot of my ideas and doings they are try to critic, but it's my life and I try to live it for world but not for family. From small years I understand that my life don't end for flat walls. I need to change all over the world.

7. Art
I often make some art because from childhood, I understand that art is the main pleasure for humans. Art isn't simple writing. It's way of thinking and all doing. You may create art, only from your body by moving or from your head, like sing. All of motions some kind of art that similar with psychology.  I create all by “soul” and this is not a similar with paranormal thing, for me it's my neuron system. Art in my doings is drawing, writing, dancing, singing, cooking, photography, digital painting and rendering.
But it's only interest nothing professional in doings and I don't want to show result, because now I don't like it. Now I haven't anything because I lose my computer and all my digital art lose with him.
Now I have only prototypes on paper of my launcher that I create in software.
A lot of lyrics, paintings and some of wood furniture that staying in village.
I use pen, Adobe, Notepad++, Camtasia Studio, brush, pencil, knife and something more.

The best of my arts is launcher for my server. After this is going about 100 lyrics and poems. Next of art I think is a lot of different sites and programs.  I create with my friends in village house on trees. 

8. Science
My science of life everytime contain all my life. I want to know something new everytime and everyway. I try to watch around me and understand how it works by creating new semantic and understand of all things in life. I try to find answer in astronomy physics and chemistry. I create some mechanisms everytime to do my life better. I often like to create some difference that we already have. Cause of all it – breaking all walls of my mind and disagreement with all. My think is best way to understand and make bad in other. I want to find new ways every time everyday.
My best friends from books all my life is encyclopedia and dictionaries. I often seatand try to remember all what I want. My memory is strange thing. Because sometimes I have photo memory but sometimes I can't remember one word. I think this is simple and this is only on interesting. If i'm interested in it, I remember all, but if I haven't inrterest I don't remember it anyway. All my life I trying understand me and my doings.
I can't list all of my inreset, because there are from anatomy to space and from academic drawing to psychology, from quantum physics to discrete mathematics and this is only at middle childhood. Of course we haven't it in school, and of course I don't know it all. But I try to understand and by interested in all of it 



9. Passion

My most passion is computer. Girls I don't like at all and friends too. 

10. Travel

 We are travel to different countries like Spain, Latvia, Belarus, Egypt and Cyprus. 

11. Interesting stories

Some of stories I said during all text.


12. Work

My first work, that I have is manager in Rostelecom. I work at the end of 13 years old and start selling service from internet and telecommunication. I work about 1 month and understand that it's not a my way. Because all people that I come or call buy only because I was very young and smart to talk about it. I sell good, do it by 2 ways, personal by coming to flat to flat and by calling on phone. This is really stupid because I don't want to work for someone. About 3 workers be with me and one idiot control us to sell more without principles. I have principles and I don't do it more, I don't want to do it. 
This is my first official and unlegal work, because they can't take guy 13 years old to company for government regalement 

14. Sport
My sport for middle childhood is football, karate, volleyball, basketball, pionerball, all-around.

Sport for me all the time have a fundamental role because I often use sport for an all things. I like it like an passion and my health interest. 
I study karate in special kiokushinkai academy and comes to blue belt KUI8. I don't like fighting and don't do it an all. I study more defense and fundamental mind way. 

Football I study all middle childhood in team NEVA and Star. No one like me on football because I've been strange and I have a name in team Neva like bonebreaker.

15. Illness

I have a too big problems in middle childhood it's an gastritis, hernia, angina, broken bone, big injury, problems with teeth, ear problems and all types of allergy. 

Hernia comes from one action. At 10 years I want to show my power and I take a lot of bags full of food and 2 big bottles of water. It,s about 25 kg for one time, but my weight is 33kg. It's too enough for me and I have a hernia after it. We're trying a lot of different ways to come from it. We comes to fortune tellers and different types of doctors. At the end of all we are cut out hernia in common anesthesia. 

Gastritis comes to me at  9 years and continue for a long time to 13 year that we comes a big course of healing.

Broken bone is on right wrist and I walking about 1 month at 13 years with broken bone in gypsum. It's from football, when one of my teammates pushed me enough and I fall about 1 meter to one wrist.

Big injury is funny story from Spain. I with my friend Alex trying to fly a kite on beach. We have a small wind and about 4 days to back Russia. My friend Alex running with kite on sand but I want to kite it upper than earth and find out small foundation that have a form of Pi number. So I climb to the foundation and start running back. This is amazing, because the air more powerful on this foundation. But after 3 times of running I fall down to the middle of foundation, there are stairs under 3 meters of top of foundation. I fall to my knee and lying about 10 seconds without mind.
After it I climb on stairs to top and start luing on warm sand. In this moment I close my eyes and see all white. When my friend see me, he comes and ask, what's happening. I said that I fall down from 3 meters to stairs and said one more thing, that is don't said it to my mother. So we don't said it for someone and after 5 minutes I can walking to apartments. 3 hours after my leg full up a lot and everyone adult understand my bad and we are comes to Spanish hospital. After it I walking only on stroller. 

I have a lot of caries on all teeth and at 13 years I have about 4 seal in teeth. 

Every year in travel I can't swim in common swimming pool because I need gag for ears. This is real problem and I can't swim without it because my ears very sensitive. 

Allergy comes to me all time for bloom, wool, citrus, feather and nuts.

Autobiography page
Adolescence 2014

1. Computer

Computer for me is not main part of life at this moment but of course it's take most part of my doings. I play a lot and play good for that moment to Dota 2, this is main game that I play and Minecraft of course. I play so good to have 6000 Mmr than the average is 3000, after all I start playing to money and after start creating a lot of accounts to boost them and sell. I make money on this because it's about 5000 to 3500MMR that I create about 20 hours of simple playing. I sell about 50 accounts for different people.
But this is my game business. 

My programming in computer starts to going better and in different ways. Because I come to pre-university courses of ITMO when I be better than all course. I come to first lesson and do programm for next two. Because I ask and do a lot. After this I do on 3rd lesson programme from 8th lesson, because I everytime ask teacher, what we are doing next. 4th lesson I lose because I'm not interested, and from this moment I start going only after 1 losed lesson. In the and of the year I don't come eny time because It's not interested for me and in home I do more than all of course programme. At home I create programmes on C++, Python and Ruby. Because I want practice in it. 
I make money from doing orders for sites and little patches for businesses. 

At this moment I less interest to have my sites because every time I want create something new and amazing. 

2. Business

I have 3 small business that I'm interested in that moment. 

I create a bottles of vape liquids and sell it with marginallity 500%. I create a lot bottles from 5 liters of propylenoglicole and 3 liters of glicerine + some aroma. I have an marketing plan and some of managers. We sell it and I do more. After 5 months of this business I want to create something new and start doing prototype of new vape with adult guys. We are seating in vapeshop and doing this new vape. After one year of creating we are start selling items that were created in factory. Marginality about 800-900% by one product. But it,s team work and we separate all benefit. 

So at all I have business project by selling my engineeringfacilities. It's a small coil for vape that I do for 1000 rubles or sometimes more. This is jewellery's work because coil maximum diameter is 1 mm and all completed coil maximum 10 mm diameter. I create this very good and very fast. So I start business from it, by coming to different vape shops and creating a lot of them for money. This coil made by different kinds of metal and contain different characteristics in it. I understand it and know about 50 different kinds of coils. 

At the 14 years old sometimes I compare computers and sell it by comparing. I create my design, product placement, platform in internet and sell them with marginality 600-2900%. This business I have at the end of 14th years old.

3. Friends

My best friend at this moment is Max Stratu and company from color festival. This company contain about 12 people at start that meet on color festival. The best friends of this company is  Anastasia Gorshkova, Andrei Gradinskii, Vika, Daniil Firs, Danila Barianov, Dmitrii Barabanov, Viktor Solmanov, Anastasia Ahmetova, Yana Belova. 
We have a lot of fun stories by this environment and I really like spending time with them. It's 8th grade and I start to talk with people more, but everytime in company I can't talk more than others. 

4. Passion

My passion at this moment to talk and communicate with other people, trying to combine psycho types and understand it all. I really like to help people and try to be understand. I have first interest to girl, but it isn't come good. I try to make life other people better by feel and support.

5. Rest

In the most of my rest is talking with people. I talk with environment vape shop and color festival. First time come to house evening and drink alchohol.

6. Family
Family all the time can't understand me and all the time they try to control or stop me any ways.
But in this year I sometimes run from home and don't want to talk with them.

7. Art

I create art from science and programmes. Sometimes I write but not a lot of. 

8. Science

Chemistry, physics, engineering, mathematics, programming and in this years I really start to think about psychology.

9. Travel

Latvia, Moscow, Egypt

10. Sport

At this age I end my sport facilities like courses and start play sort only like hobby

 Autobiography page
Adolescence 2015

1. Computer

At this moment computer also have been most part of money. I also Boost account, but at this moment I boost for CSGO and Dota 2. Also I start understand how to hack something and it's simple curiosity that I feel. I try to hack cameras and some sites at first. I don't do it in bad way. 

At half of 15 years I start freelancing for different platforms and try to have money from it very fast. I do sites repair computers, create paches, create programs, set servers and some more coming to design of brochures, logotypes and banners. 

I don't play without target and have a first team in Dota2 we come to tournament and have 3rd place. This tournament is Starladder 3 and some small games. After Starladder our team removed, because everyone can't waste time for it. We play with my best teammate Danil “YoYo”. I always play in middle lane and sometimes take carry. My best heroes is Invoker, Storm Spirit, Ember Spirit, Shadow Fiend, Lina, Earth Spirit, Meepo, Anti-Mage, Wind Ranger, Queen of Pain, Naga, Tinker.

My best programming languages is HTML&CSS&JS&PHP&MySQL; Java; C++; Ruby; C#; Python but I work with more than it all. I work about30 different languages and sometimes I dan't work with them before, but I study during work.

In the end of 15 years I start working with hardware by building small plates and creating microchips from different details and wires.

2. Business

My business at this moment is some weird, but it's good thing. I have some friends that use different drugs in bad and when I come to school I sell to them something better than they may use. I sell them medicine, that give them more effect and stabilize their emotional system. I sell nootropics, vitamins and something good for theirs mind and health. I make from junkie – humans. Of course I told them about bads and goods possibilities of medicine and often they change their way. But it's not a big deal, it's may be some of they to spend time. Because I really like nootropics at this moment, but I control my results of all actions by self-researching on programmes and monitoring technique. 

Also I of course work in internet and this is my business at least freelance, small agency by my site and some management of social networks for my friends. 

3. Friends

At this moment best friends for me is Danil from my team in Dota 2, friends from group Community of Queens and Kings. That starts from color festival and after this group COQAK, I meet and know a lot of people all other Saint-Petersburg. I have about 5000 friends in social networks and want to have more. But it's not smart way and I don't rush it. I seat in different groups from SPB. I have about 30 group contained 50 and more people. I don't remember them all. But my best friends from all of these is Max Stratu, Yana Belova, Evgenia Titova, Anastasia Ahmetova, Daniil Firs, Alex Moiseev, Alexander Nikolenko, Danila Barianov, Viktor Solmanov, Vadim Cristall, Daniil Demchenko, Philip Philipov, Denis Nasedkin and more. 

I know a lot of people and have an interesting times with them all, I do a lot of different things, that I can't remember. But there are no money. Only friendship. With this company we coming a lot of parties, festivals, places like hookah, anti-cafe, cinema, parks, roofs and something more. 

I rare comes to meetings but I know them all of course. Sometimes they are going to lakes or small beach all companies spend time differently. Some of them like swimming, some of them hookah, some of them flat-party, but always all of groups meets in the color festival that I see everytime. I come CF and may meet about 500 kiths for one day. When all festival have 3000 people for one day. 

I have colorize life at this moment. But I think I only pretend happiness because I don't kind of it, so may be I have different sizes of person and pretended some kind of being because only facts may show you. And I laugh enough at 15th year old. 

I think that it's peak of friendship in my life. 

In the end of 15th years we are have a lot of  evening meeting in anti-cafe. We are spend a lot of time for free because really nice talk with cafe administrators. 

I have stories but I talk about them after.

4. School

It's 9th grade and I don't think about school. Because it isn't interesting for me.
I study to C marks. It's will be only because I don't go to school in consequence of which teachers don't like me. Only class teacher can help me in any ways. 

I less my study in 11 gymnasium and have 3 attention in consequence of which I've been kicked from gymnasium. First attention is, when we are have been in classroom on lesson, teacher don't come to our class and we are seating about 15 minutes. There are 2nd floor and we may drop out from room from window to roof entrance. This is winter and in classroom to hot, we are have been on quarantine and seating in street boots. I need to left to cold, because i've been tired and I want make some fun. So I left room from window and start to throw snow balls from roof. I shot, all class laugh and comes teacher. I shot to his body and this our class teacher. After this I have first attention. 

Second attention is about my vape interest. I need to have a rest and I come to 2nd floor's toilet where all schoolers do something wrong, because only on second floor we haven't camera in toilet. 
{Sometimes we jump from this toilet to come over from lessons}
I start vaping in toilet and one of schoolers said it to the teacher. After this, I have second attention.

Third attention is the funniest for at moment when I have been uncovered. I get drunk in school and going with small bottle of Ice Tea. Where I have fluid of cognac similar for color. I come to different classmates and do it with fun. So after I come to teacher of Physical Education with whom we are get drunk one time and she take my bottle and go to the director. I really laugh about it, because I don't understand her action at this moment and this is 3rd attention. 

After this teachers have a council and they give me possibilities to study for end of 9th grade. After it I end studying in 11 gymnasium. I have possibilities to study more, because my class teacher talk with others and said that I can change. But I understand, that I don't want to study and end it. 

After 16 years I come some times to ITMo and give documents to study in college. But in the reason why I don't want to do it, my marks can't give me possibilities to study for free and I won't take money from my parents.

5. Passion

My passion at 15th year is socialization and fun. I haven't task to do it more than others, but I have a lot of friends after this moment. May be it's false friends and now I think so. But I know how it is. And I really train my brain by talking to psychology.

6. Family

From 10 years old I have politic. That I don't take money from my parents and always value what I need to get back them. From 13 years old I never said “Give me money”. From 15 years old I start make money and don't need it more. 
This is one of habit moment with my parents. I really want to give back all

I run away from home every time and this is crazy may be. After all that I do in school and with me they don't want to talk with me and I don't want to talk with them too. I haven't be at home a lot of time. I seat sometimes in computer and take away him when I go somewhere. 

A lot of aggression that they create in me I don't said them I hit walls and have a big problems with fist and wrist. The main aggression is from where they said to go to shop or do something, because I can't do it in time. They need wait 10-20 minutes, but they can't wait and they always start threaten to me that they shut down my computer. 

I don't said or make them something I simple hit and hit walls about 5 times a day with full power. My fist in blood and I go to shop. This is have been during 4 years from 2012-2016. After all in result I have a real problem with middle finger bone on right hand. 

I don't love or like them no more. I only understand that I need to get back all what they give me in material way. Because in immaterial way I may give back not so good. 

In my family I may spend time only with brother, sister and grandmother no more understand me. 

7. Rest

A lot of different ways, but rest for me is a simple socialization.

8. Creating

In this year I create about 200 different projects in internet for money.
A lot of different ways to make like hobby it's about different languages practical programmes.
I start changing my room to my interest and abilities. 

9. Art

I create a different signs and paintings in books, some of lyrics and poems. I start to train my dance and sometimes sing to the best type of me. 

A lot of beautiful pictures I can't save in moment but It's training of myself. I create create and create. To have a lot of hours in different interests. I can't count how good or how much I do or study to do. But I think this all be how it needs to be. 

10. Science

The main discipline of 15 year is psychology and speaking. Socialization and communication. 
Also programming and work in practice. Spending time – Management. Engineering like computer science. And comparing details to create your own plate. 
Chemistry, medicine, neuronal system and something of modeling mind. 

11. Sport

Sport in this year is only from school tournaments for football, volleyball, basketball and something more. Sport in this year smaller than my average year sport time spending. 

12. Work

As freelancer, train work as assistant in shops. Give brochure near metro. Programmer. Manager, PR Manager. Seller. 

 Autobiography page
Adolescence 2015

1. Computer

At this moment computer also have been most part of money. I also Boost account, but at this moment I boost for CSGO and Dota 2. Also I start understand how to hack something and it's simple curiosity that I feel. I try to hack cameras and some sites at first. I don't do it in bad way. 

At half of 15 years I start freelancing for different platforms and try to have money from it very fast. I do sites repair computers, create paches, create programs, set servers and some more coming to design of brochures, logotypes and banners. 

I don't play without target and have a first team in Dota2 we come to tournament and have 3rd place. This tournament is Starladder 3 and some small games. After Starladder our team removed, because everyone can't waste time for it. We play with my best teammate Danil “YoYo”. I always play in middle lane and sometimes take carry. My best heroes is Invoker, Storm Spirit, Ember Spirit, Shadow Fiend, Lina, Earth Spirit, Meepo, Anti-Mage, Wind Ranger, Queen of Pain, Naga, Tinker.

My best programming languages is HTML&CSS&JS&PHP&MySQL; Java; C++; Ruby; C#; Python but I work with more than it all. I work about30 different languages and sometimes I dan't work with them before, but I study during work.

In the end of 15 years I start working with hardware by building small plates and creating microchips from different details and wires.

2. Business

My business at this moment is some weird, but it's good thing. I have some friends that use different drugs in bad and when I come to school I sell to them something better than they may use. I sell them medicine, that give them more effect and stabilize their emotional system. I sell nootropics, vitamins and something good for theirs mind and health. I make from junkie – humans. Of course I told them about bads and goods possibilities of medicine and often they change their way. But it's not a big deal, it's may be some of they to spend time. Because I really like nootropics at this moment, but I control my results of all actions by self-researching on programmes and monitoring technique. 

Also I of course work in internet and this is my business at least freelance, small agency by my site and some management of social networks for my friends. 

3. Friends

At this moment best friends for me is Danil from my team in Dota 2, friends from group Community of Queens and Kings. That starts from color festival and after this group COQAK, I meet and know a lot of people all other Saint-Petersburg. I have about 5000 friends in social networks and want to have more. But it's not smart way and I don't rush it. I seat in different groups from SPB. I have about 30 group contained 50 and more people. I don't remember them all. But my best friends from all of these is Max Stratu, Yana Belova, Evgenia Titova, Anastasia Ahmetova, Daniil Firs, Alex Moiseev, Alexander Nikolenko, Danila Barianov, Viktor Solmanov, Vadim Cristall, Daniil Demchenko, Philip Philipov, Denis Nasedkin and more. 

I know a lot of people and have an interesting times with them all, I do a lot of different things, that I can't remember. But there are no money. Only friendship. With this company we coming a lot of parties, festivals, places like hookah, anti-cafe, cinema, parks, roofs and something more. 

I rare comes to meetings but I know them all of course. Sometimes they are going to lakes or small beach all companies spend time differently. Some of them like swimming, some of them hookah, some of them flat-party, but always all of groups meets in the color festival that I see everytime. I come CF and may meet about 500 kiths for one day. When all festival have 3000 people for one day. 

I have colorize life at this moment. But I think I only pretend happiness because I don't kind of it, so may be I have different sizes of person and pretended some kind of being because only facts may show you. And I laugh enough at 15th year old. 

I think that it's peak of friendship in my life. 

In the end of 15th years we are have a lot of  evening meeting in anti-cafe. We are spend a lot of time for free because really nice talk with cafe administrators. 

I have stories but I talk about them after.

4. School

It's 9th grade and I don't think about school. Because it isn't interesting for me.
I study to C marks. It's will be only because I don't go to school in consequence of which teachers don't like me. Only class teacher can help me in any ways. 

I less my study in 11 gymnasium and have 3 attention in consequence of which I've been kicked from gymnasium. First attention is, when we are have been in classroom on lesson, teacher don't come to our class and we are seating about 15 minutes. There are 2nd floor and we may drop out from room from window to roof entrance. This is winter and in classroom to hot, we are have been on quarantine and seating in street boots. I need to left to cold, because i've been tired and I want make some fun. So I left room from window and start to throw snow balls from roof. I shot, all class laugh and comes teacher. I shot to his body and this our class teacher. After this I have first attention. 

Second attention is about my vape interest. I need to have a rest and I come to 2nd floor's toilet where all schoolers do something wrong, because only on second floor we haven't camera in toilet. 
{Sometimes we jump from this toilet to come over from lessons}
I start vaping in toilet and one of schoolers said it to the teacher. After this, I have second attention.

Third attention is the funniest for at moment when I have been uncovered. I get drunk in school and going with small bottle of Ice Tea. Where I have fluid of cognac similar for color. I come to different classmates and do it with fun. So after I come to teacher of Physical Education with whom we are get drunk one time and she take my bottle and go to the director. I really laugh about it, because I don't understand her action at this moment and this is 3rd attention. 

After this teachers have a council and they give me possibilities to study for end of 9th grade. After it I end studying in 11 gymnasium. I have possibilities to study more, because my class teacher talk with others and said that I can change. But I understand, that I don't want to study and end it. 

After 16 years I come some times to ITMo and give documents to study in college. But in the reason why I don't want to do it, my marks can't give me possibilities to study for free and I won't take money from my parents.

5. Passion

My passion at 15th year is socialization and fun. I haven't task to do it more than others, but I have a lot of friends after this moment. May be it's false friends and now I think so. But I know how it is. And I really train my brain by talking to psychology.

6. Family

From 10 years old I have politic. That I don't take money from my parents and always value what I need to get back them. From 13 years old I never said “Give me money”. From 15 years old I start make money and don't need it more. 
This is one of habit moment with my parents. I really want to give back all

I run away from home every time and this is crazy may be. After all that I do in school and with me they don't want to talk with me and I don't want to talk with them too. I haven't be at home a lot of time. I seat sometimes in computer and take away him when I go somewhere. 

A lot of aggression that they create in me I don't said them I hit walls and have a big problems with fist and wrist. The main aggression is from where they said to go to shop or do something, because I can't do it in time. They need wait 10-20 minutes, but they can't wait and they always start threaten to me that they shut down my computer. 

I don't said or make them something I simple hit and hit walls about 5 times a day with full power. My fist in blood and I go to shop. This is have been during 4 years from 2012-2016. After all in result I have a real problem with middle finger bone on right hand. 

I don't love or like them no more. I only understand that I need to get back all what they give me in material way. Because in immaterial way I may give back not so good. 

In my family I may spend time only with brother, sister and grandmother no more understand me. 

7. Rest

A lot of different ways, but rest for me is a simple socialization.

8. Creating

In this year I create about 200 different projects in internet for money.
A lot of different ways to make like hobby it's about different languages practical programmes.
I start changing my room to my interest and abilities. 

9. Art

I create a different signs and paintings in books, some of lyrics and poems. I start to train my dance and sometimes sing to the best type of me. 

A lot of beautiful pictures I can't save in moment but It's training of myself. I create create and create. To have a lot of hours in different interests. I can't count how good or how much I do or study to do. But I think this all be how it needs to be. 

10. Science

The main discipline of 15 year is psychology and speaking. Socialization and communication. 
Also programming and work in practice. Spending time – Management. Engineering like computer science. And comparing details to create your own plate. 
Chemistry, medicine, neuronal system and something of modeling mind. 

11. Sport

Sport in this year is only from school tournaments for football, volleyball, basketball and something more. Sport in this year smaller than my average year sport time spending. 

12. Work

As freelancer, train work as assistant in shops. Give brochure near metro. Programmer. Manager, PR Manager. Seller. 

Autobiography page
Adolescence 2017

1. Computer

Computer in this year all for me and my environment. I live with him and study a lot. Explaining depth of languages and possibilities of all-around. Try to compare a lot of information and perfectly understand how to find and read information this is really helpful for me. 

I create a lot of things in deep web for the some cost and train my skills. May be it's illegal or not so normal. But I have politics to don't do something bad to the person or human. I have some stories that I may said about internet and my doings. 

So I study hardware languages and some of fundamental things. Try to reconnect computers and live in computer club for 4 months. There are 2 dollars for 1 hour of computer using. But I seat for free for all time. I create it by hack their operation system from the USB and use all of possibilities computer club on maximum. Firstly I make contact with all administrator and owners. I talk with them and they start knowing me. 
I live there and have a lot of different stories from it. Firstly I eat every time a little. Washing body in house of my friends. I make it once in two weeks. In most of all I drink water for free in this computer club and do it too much. I do a lot of different designs and programms. Use all computers sometimes to make something hard. There are a lot of strong hardware. 

I make different types of uploaders and do it very good. All the time I drive on deep web, that I know very good.. Sometimes administrators come to me and watch what I'm doing for this accident I have a simple doings. I alt+tab and pretend that I play games. Sometimes I really play to Dota 2 and CS Go with teams  I play to the StarLadders for different nicknames and IP addresses. 

One story from my life is the most powerful and of course lie. I hack very good because I have big power from all computers. I hacked Lamoda, Wildberries, Moscow people bases and a lot of small sites to their clients data. Huge possibilities that I have in computing power I use for cameras broot crash and of course connecting to servers. The most powerful in my doings is connecting to military base that placed in Pskov region. I make it 2 days and watch some files. I don't do something to bad. I don't drop to the Internet this files it's simple curiousity that I have at 17 years old. Nothing can't be find because I do it from 10 ports and retargetting. I check power and after it stopped. My works don't know someone before. 

In computer club also I hack phones of my girlfriend and yours computer. Call from different places and numbers to connect with her after loosing. I make everything very quickly because power of computing give to me this possibilities. I hack her VK and Instagram to check her. But one that I can't hack by long time is place. But this I can to check by yours messages. 

Also in club I make some of projects and start my first project that I called only and create idea. I don't end it but I start. I create a lot of logotypess find out best name and all-around by idea. In start of this I want to create something like big project like Cicada, but after I want to make something good and helpful., SO I spend all year to compare and upgrade this idea. Sometimes I open my site. But no one don't watch this. I wait a lot of time and I lose my interest and hosting. 

Also in computer I study, study for themes that I've been interested to realize in future. Compare a lot of information and make my knowledge more and more. After all of these I make about 2 Tb information that I need to safe orr show. But I lose them in the 2018 March. Because my girlfriend. 

I read for the 10 hours a day different publics, deep web and news. Because I can do it in my own nootropics. I sleep in computer club on chairs everyday and come to home once in month. I make good results in studding and programming. But after computer club I change all in me. 

This environment ended in 2019 February when I went from computer club and see a lot of policemen. I end all in one moment and return to the home. 

In home I use computer less and think that it's need to me like instrument to be better, I create a large excel tables, word and drive in internet to interesting things

In the second half of the year I spend it to my legal side of internet to know how find information with value here. Because it's different to understand. Know works of search and legal facilities of internet.

2. Girls

In this year I less all my relationship with girls. I have relationship only with Elizabeth Zherebtcova and Anastasia Morozova. I start from Elizabeth because in the start of these year I talk only with her. We meet in school twice and sometimes talk in the other times. 

When I live in computer club we talk with her and she want to help me. It's may be don't need too much. Almost I really want to said thanks to all that she do for me and I do bad things to her in the result of her doing. She give me the chance to live with her family in the Sestroretsk apartments. He give me here 4 times and in the last of it I do bad thing.
I talk with her and try to help in different ways of relationships. I want to make some benefit from her action. But I do meanly thing. I talk with her brother and we find contact very fast. Father and mother talk with me good too, I really like them. They are live like vegetarians and don't eat something unhealthy food. Every time they create a good food for breakfast and don't make me something bad, from their thinking. Now I think that they create a lot of good things to me and I really thankful to them. In moment of situation I don't think so, because I have a lot of control by them. I think that is family system and I don't kind of it. Because I have some problems that I need to decide. 
Her father is the smart human who boss of big pharmacy company that called “Solopharm”. He don't talk a lot with family but do all for them, he is very good husband and father I think. Her mother is a very understanding and reasonable woman that try to help all-around in family. Sometimes we seat in the evening and talk about relationship of Elizabeth and some of environment things. 
The situation that I do with not valuable reason and I need to get back it for all ways. In the last day I seat in the office room and hearing the music or watching film. And think how I get back money to man who give me a big deal. I can't do it fast because them take me from city. I seat in the room and want to find some interesting books. For my bad I start openning boxes in the room and find transparent folder with a lot of money I close it very fast and open another to find books. I find small book and try to read it. So I lying on sofa and think about money that I need to back to my partner. After few time I take 5 000 rubles it's I need to get back about 9 000, But I can't do it. And all next day and all next half of year and think about it for time of writing. I need to get back more than money that I take. Because I do very bad thing. They don't said me any more but I think about it all time. After 1 year Elizabeth said that she know it and I can't said everything. Because it's have been done. I need to get back it in any ways. 
So with Elizabeth we have a different stories and they all good. But I need to show me from valuable way that show me from the darkest side. Because I need to write it to do it. 
I don't want to said stories that in all ways good because it's intimate stories between us. 
But we have only mental connect with her, it's really best friend for a long time. We write paintings by oil, ink and pencils. I first time play on forte piano in her home and I really like it. 
I try to help her in relationship and in her problems in all time. 

In this year with Anastasia Morozova we met only 6 times and all of them really colorfully. Firstly we meet in the middle of November twice. In February twice, in March once, and in the May last. 
In the first to times we meet in her home and have beautifully contact. But after it I don't talk with her and lose connection. The reason of these doings is my busy. I do a lot of failures that change our relationship and I want to get back all in winter of 2017-2018 year, but it's hitting to the wall. 
Firstly I simply want to talk with her but she is blocked me in all ways. After it I start to call her from 50 diferent numbers. Hack her social networks and try to hack his location but can't do it. 
All time my mind create projections that she can read my posts in Vkontakte and about 1 month I talk by the posts in socials that she don't see any way. I write poems and lyrics about my feelings. In all ways I try to find out to talk and I create a bad idea. 
My idea is come to her flat and meet her. About 2 days I come from back enter. I come and seat with her room. She live at these moment in the hotel. I come and seat, sometimes sing and place my poems and lyrics. Place here some of my creations and try to get back her. But it's any way haven't result.
It's of course lie. First bad doing is my coming to her room and with instruments I crack her door by hands. I come and take hand-drill that comes to the work by hand twirl. I make it about 5 hors from 01:00 to 06:00 I stay full of sweat and without body wear cause it's hard action. I sawed out for contour the lock of the door. When I open room I think that I see her, but she was in Dubai. I see a lot of mess and I put all her room in order. I order all clothes, took out the garbage and take the present that she give me for my birthday. It's her photo with her friend.
After this situation I talk with her father and he said that I need to make pause in relations and I agree with him. But I do again after one month. 
In the 18 February I create an ring from metal and amber to her. Its too beautiful ring that I do by myself. I come to her and really find her by chance. She comes to home from fitness house I stay on knee and said may we marry. But it's funny she ask drunk I or not. But I've been sober and we talk about 1 minute after.  
I come to her and try to talk I come 8 times every day from end of February and start of march. I come and sit in the lobby of hotel at 9-11PM. When evening go off hotel keepers call the police and they take me to police statement 4 times. On 5th time I give to her big sport bag full of the best valuable things, that I have for all time. There are a lot of books, models of engineering, Iphone, rings, poems art, my card that I change in third class, the best of vapes and a lot of good things. But she drop out this to the trashcan. I can't calculate it and this is losing all what I have. After it I comes to her and climb on the sewer to third stage where are living Anastasia.   I knocked to her window and see her with boyfriend. He comes to me and we talk about several minutes on high tones. The last day is the worst of all and I come to her with get drunk. I come to hotel with stationery knife and come to the lobby show knife and said don't call police. I don't open it and get back to my blazer. I up to the 3rd floor and dropped out the door that I cracked before. Door is closed to the lock, but I do it with great power and this is opens. She staying an second and watch. I hug her and said no one can't disconnect us. We are lying on bed and she scream with smiling. After it comes keeper and disconnect us. I see an policeman in the doors and I comes to the window and jumped from 3rd floor I stand up and run after it 500 meters. Policeman that stay on 1st floor run to me and tale me to lock. We comes to the police statement and talk with officers. They bring an psychologist to talk with me he comes, talk about 1 minute and said that i'm normal and I don't need to psychosomatic hospitel. But everyone said that I need to have an direction. He give me an advice to visit Behterev Psychosomatic hospital.
After it I rent an room near that goes to her window and watch to her from high place and sleep good.
After It we no talk and I only write poems about her. I think that she needs to growth and have an target in life way.

3. Business

In this year I create a business with benefit. It's creating nootropics by some of synthesizing mixing and combine. I synthesize all in my room. Because I have instruments and I do full sealing of room by polymers. I create 
In this year also I make small business in internet and try to realize it. But I can't do something. It's in almost have bad result, because no one can't see it and I can't end all site. 
This year I spend to self-update. I have only business with nootropics and all of benefit is my doings. Also I live for money from dark net that often is from crypto.

4. Lose friends

In this year I lost all my friends that I have in all my life. I delete all my social networks and post death certificate. After It all my 1000 friends think that I die. A lot of groups start talk about me and only 3 people call me and 1 -Veronika Surova write to my mother. I make a special mistake where the date of document text to the next day. Some of my friends find and really laugh about this. But a lot of people think really that I'm dead.

I lose all my friends and I have only 2 guys which I talk once a month, It's an Ivan Andreev and Max Stratu. I haven't intellectual contact with them, but they know me very good. 

I don't come to school and everyone in school think that I'm die. I don't come to school about 6 months and when I firstly come where I see that people shout my name. Watch to me like Jesus and all wants to talk with me. After this I come to the external study and went to school once in a 2 months to give them homework and close my obligation. Everytime in school I see some kind of festival when I come. All comes to me and talk. 

5. Psychosomatic hospital

I don't write here a lot of lyrics about this place, but I really be better after it. I live here about 2 weeks and I come here only because I don't want to be in army. I study here write 8 art by oil. Start writing about 3 books and firstly write my biography. I write about 300 poems. Write a lot of different pictures and business plans. Make a lot of science practice in psychology. I train my skills on workers from psychosomatic hospital named “Behtereva”. I train luterature psychology art and sport. I eat a lot but not a good food. I don't drink my pills everytime baevause I drop it from my mouth taking them like David Blain with his magic tricks. Sometimes they said show your mouth and I really drink them But they are staying in my neck after coming to my room I quite drop it and take to the box. 

I have +8 kg from hospital. A lot of beautiful lyrics and paintings. Psychology, business and engineering. I create an prototype of my car first time. A lot of beautifull clothes design and product design. 

6. Police

Police in this year takes me to the statement about 10 times and I really don't like them. They try to hit me sometimes for my jokes to them. They really aggressive to me and my speeches.

Sometimes in the 16 year old they take me too. This story about meeting of Navalnii and after this color festival. From meeting they don't take me, but after meeting where I really have fun from the policemen. They take me with Elizabeth Zherebtcova. We come to color festival and buy 2 bottles of beer. Policeman take us near the festival and take to the statement. I said that I haven't family and they take me more to the big stationary that needs to wait after someone adult take me back. 

7. Rest

Rest in this year is reading and ars. I make a lot for different directions and really want to be better in all ways. I don't talk with someone and be in my mind by taking a lot of information and calculating.
Sometimes I do a sculpture when I walking or draw on walk and don't stopping. I make a beautiful things to show it unknown people on street. 

8. Changes
In my life all changes around in this year. I remove all from my life and have some of refreshing. From this life I may said that I born again and do all from zero. 
I lose family, friends, study, money, girls. All of my environment lost. 
I change all without some excuses because      I need it to be better. 


9. Ars

In this year I spend the most part of my time for art and science. I create a lot of things and now I don't like something because I want to make better every my painting. But I do it and some of people like it. 

I make 10 paintings and the biggest one in 2016 year. 

I make a lot practicing and training in oil writing. 
I try a lot of different types and methods to do it. In all study way I make my ways that similar with me and my mind

I study in this year jurisprudence, marketing, management,design, hard programming, engineering, biology, chemistry, modeling, writing, physics, artificial intelligence and a lot of more like dark sides of all different ways. To the hacks of all environments and disciplines. 

I try all and it's the first year when I remember and start saving all my doings. Because it's my memory that I need to give future humans.

10. Creating

I create about 10 gr of nootropics that I made by me in more I don't sell tham I use it for me. The fundamental of all is Amono – g. I create a lot of them at these moment in my room. And sell some kinds of best nootropics that I want to give my environment to be better. I create an Body guard with table to walking on streets and draw on walking. This is very strange and I make it from coat and materials like wood and polymers. I walk on streets and everyone watch to me. I run with it and walking in Saint-Petersburg. I show it in school and my classmates want to check it on them and try to dress on it. They like it, but it's really strange. 
I make smart gloves and smart cap. I draw on boots. Make my first designed smart dress. 

I do a lot of smart things at home that be helpful to me. I want to check it and upgrade. I do it all from materials and instruments at home. 

My room with seiling really cool for chemistry and soldering. 
I do a lot of mechanism that control someone who comes to my room when I go over. For example when I sleep my sofa-bed may drop me from bed if someone comes to room when I sleep. If someone wants to come to my room it's may be dificult because I control it by mechanism that works only by my own hint. 

I create 10 paintings by oil, about 40 ice sculptures, 500 poems, 100 pages of novels, 50 programmes, about 3 books I end to paintings and designs, 5 prototypes of something, 20 projects that can change world. 

11. Sport

I haven't official sport but I run every time that I want and this may be 10-20 km for 1 time with official clothes. Because I every time be in coat. 

I play football with friends, swim in the village and make an morning exercise daily dozen. This is really amazing and I feel good at this time because i've been refreshed. 

12. Work

I work in computer club as marketing manager, designer, programmer in one. 
I work as seller in different platforms and services. 
I work like manager in social networks to groups. 
I work to the agency that work in dark net. 

13. Illness

In this year I haven't some problems with my health but I smoke in this year very much. I smoke the tube too. I end it only after 2018 ended. Because In 2019 year I change all next time. 

14. Computer club

I live here about 5 months and after living I come sometimes to talk with good administrators. I make it all good relations and all like me because I make every time happiness.

I SLEEP ON FLOOR SOMETIMES AND SOMETIMES ON CHAIRS. 
I DRINK A LOT OF WATER AND NOTHING EAT.

My life at this moment show me the poor life because I live like bum. But in the foundation. 
I wash teeth here and sometimes wash head. 


Autobiography page
Adolescence 2018

1. Business

In this year I firstly really prepared to make the biggest business. Yes of course I work like small private agency. But in the most significant I start to be part of my business there are a lot of different reasons and the most powerful for me is humanity and earth. I want to change all that we have prefer. I want to make biggest project that no one see before. I want to clear all problems and make from zero one or from minus to plus. My target it's to make human great again if talk like American and if talk like my heart want to talk I want to make much better all of us. Every personality need to be unique and specific for others. Every one have yourself and myself. I want to change all laws what we have and teach others how to be more that he can be. 
My projects is projects that I believe and all of them I create after some neuron adapted to environment. I have a different practice to create an idea and I think the most powerful is creating by understanding something new. Finding the way of new thought in all ancient thing. We have something that we use a lot of time and I want to change all of we have. I don't want to help people who around me or who know me. I want to do it for everyone because we are humans and world ends only after orbital system of earth... At the moment, but after I really prefer to work with space communications and living too. This is really amazing thing I think, because it's unknown, but I don't think like Elon, he have a nice target but Venus equal to the Mars and have some different. It's a nice target but I think first that we need to do is colonization on Moon. It's may be platform for future planets. 
I really wants to change Earth and environment, because we have a strong problems with it. We are humanity that have an rubbish at home I think no one wants to have rubbish in the bedroom or in kitchen, but it is and we need to make better living. There are a lot of different ways to make it all better and recycling centers not the best one. We all need to make community of people who want changes and make for it all. I want to leave in clean home, because home is abstract description. We may see it with maximum and home for us – Earth and after – solar system. We need to change it because we can't close eyes, we live here. 

So why I talk a lot of abstract unknown things? I make some of mind amusement and all of my projects running to my targets, big targets. Every project that I create of course need to have value, one of value is future, second is the past and the third one is the present. I need to make steps by steps walking to my dream. Because after it I can't have a children, it's fool from me like father to give them home like something it. I don't know how long my way is. But I want to make it in life. 

My first business from my small economy qualify may be in digital. Cause marginality and value. Almost reason of it – internet it's new kind of environment that take our time, and this haven't any material between electricity. I like internet because there are in all place in all world. Elon do great thing and everyone may use internet from see I think. This is amazing really. I know that it Google idea from interview with Elon Musk that written like an book, but I think that it's human idea. I don't like something like - “I from America””I from Great Britain” “I from Russia”
“I from Earth” - I said. Because all of us is – humans and this is really colorful word. 

My business you may read it before and understood. Don't something like cars or digital. It's all-around thing. If I talk to true, but I think no one can't do it. I said that my first business that I start is business from myself and only after it I have all other. You may said why you are business and I'm not? I may answer that I make statistics and forecast. I value all of I have, I check all documents and walk with them sometimes. I save it. And also I may said that I only open business, because every statistic and value You may see. It's great I think because only good order make from chaos something similar with human.

I always want to find ways that different from others, I make it everytime. It's really fun and great because no one be here. I want to be first and take all failures. Because only failures give you answer from god. 

2. Study

In this year I study more than in all my life I think. In moment of writing this sentence I have a hiccups and this is body sign. 
I study about 36 disciplines that really different and it only in 2019 year. When I start collecting all my time with experience. This is the second part of my 18th years old and I start it writing after. First part of my 18th I try to find work I come to 100-120 different interview for 3 months. I try a lot of different ways of work. From manager to teacher, from artist to actor, from administrator to call-center, from physic worker to jurist, from coocker to officiant, from programmer to designer, from loader to handyman, from seamstress to factory worker, from distributer to marketing manager, from photographer to model and a lot of different kinds of professions. But all of them sent me nothing at most and don't call me back. I come only for 5 works officially it's marketing manager/programmer/designer to computer club where I work before, but they threw me to the money. I work about ? of month, was late only 3 times and they give me salary 2000 rubles from my agreed 15000. I can't communicate with them any more. 
Before it I work in the kitchen of restaurant Brexton like helper and some cooker. I really like this place for their atmosphere. They have a nice back and front of restaurant. I like it so much. Them all have a lot of emotional contact and this is amazing. I work here about 1 week and not because they send me out. I don't like to be helper. I often said that something may be better in it or something we need to do like it. But i'm helper and I don't like this. 
After all of this I work as distributer in windows. This is idiots job, From this I start understanding people, when all of sellers try to bred them. I have been the worst seller because everytime I try to help people for free. I come from flat to flat and this is so ashamed. Everytime I talk very good and find contact because I pretend to be very modest. I try to help another ways and talk about emotions like psychologist, without idea to sell something. I come and talk. After this I try to help and only if people want to save time and buy – I sell. I make only 1 sale for 3 days it's really bad result for my living expirience, but I don't want to sell bad things, that I don't like. Sell bad without demand. I don't like it, I make all people good and give them emotions. I help 12 people for free and come to 60 peoples. About 30 don't open to me and only 1 woman buy something and I try to make it cheap as I can. Because woman is very nice. She is the teacher in ITMo and I make a nice talk with her. In last talk, when I need to close sell boss said me dissolve her to more money. I said nothing and turn off call. After it I make sell cheaper and give all money to this bad company, because I don't want to take money from them and of course steal. 
It's three material places where I work. I try to work for friends like call manager and I have a good result from 100 calls good from them is 88 and coming to meeting is ~ 50-60 companies. I don't take from it money, only experience. I do it really quickly and fast because it's my work. 
One of all my jobs is work to the agency. I work really good and try to make it better because I have an experience in this job but they have bad politic too. They want to earn money but not to really help humans. I don't kind of it. It's not my cup of tea. 
The last kind of job, that I spend a lot of time is building. I work for 5 different organizations also for LenSpecSMU to build something. In all places they don't give me all of money. It's hard to understand. First place is the roof of old house. I think this is the hardest one, because I take about 50 kg for me 50 times in 30 minutes. It's sacks of concrete for 50-60 kg. At this moment my weight may be 68 kg and this is crazy hard. I do it 5 days in a week. Sometimes I with one guy needs to lift up beam that comes to 120 – 320 kg that we need to move on the roof to 30-50 meters on the wooden small planks that is prototype of the roof. I think that I have after it hernia. But all good only 1 problem I fall down corner of beam and it felt to by leg. After it I try to clean roof, make a canopy on high of 6 floors. And I do it all, after 2 weeks they pay to me 10000 rubles. And they must to pay 15000 idiot game for building I think after it. 
I come again to different location and there are a nasty work to make sealing of 4 high-rise building. I ruined 2 shorts and 2 pants. It's more than they pay me. I work 1 week and they pay no more than 2900 rubles. I think that it's joke but they don't think so. 
And in the end of all I come to the last work in the winter when the weather is so cold. There are may be -15 degree. I work on high-rise building and make facade on high by setting that grape to the roof. This is so cold and bad. I work 4 days and they don't pay me. 
After it I broke idea to work physically for someone. 

After this all I need to said, what I find from all of it. I understood for myself, that I can't work for someone, because they don't know what I know in most of all. I know that real boss needs to be part of someone. I understood that boss needs to have a lot of knowledge and may do every work in his company may not batter and not faster, but he must know everything in his company from the beginning. Real boss need to have thought about human and client in first of all. The target of all company and corporation needs to be the humanity and being better. Every boss needs to have dream and make it real by targets&tasks. The most powerful dream win in all ways. Boss needs to be all-around. Boss needs to be psychologist in all ways. I think I may find a lot of more from my head but it's the most interesting, I think. 

It's only practice in my 18th years. Next part of year is theory. It's begin from 3 January 2019. 

I change all again I refresh all my and my environment, I clear all phones contacts, socials and a lot of more. It starts from accident in New Year. I stay home alone i'm closed and haven't keys from flat. I cook supper and seat alone. Think about future and me. I find ways to do something new. I start being in myself and watching for future. After 2 days I create idea and start my first statistic. I start it simple I watch films and control time. After it every day I upgrade it by adding some habits. From this method of living, habits creates faster then in researches. I spend no more than 10 days to create habit, than in researching from America you need spend about 21 day. I train me and making yourself researching from statistic. After I have an dream to study in America in MIT. I try to come it. I meet with director of organization educationusarussia. We have a nice meeting in ParkIn. After January 2019 I make statistic more smart. I do it in Excel and control them. After all of it them are start to be complex. After it I start every time write them in English. So it's great to see. A make a lot of interesting parts of statistic start to control nutriol, spending water, electricity and of course my needs. 
It's like an myself school that contain about 36 disciplines: Dream, English, Art, Design, Technology, Writing, Latin, Mathematics, Engineering, Science, Marketing, Informatics, Business, Physical Education, Biology, Physics, Biology, Psychology, Economy, Management, History, Jurisprudence, Sing, Dance, Music, Mythology, Society, Graphic design,Ecology, Cooking, Teaching, Anatomy, Building, Modeling, Philosophy and may be something more. 

I study and write down all my process, without tests, but with creating projects. Finding ways to make it in practice to realize it. 
I come to different meeting of study abroad, this is my talk practice. I come to 20 meetings for 3 months and meet with more than 300 universities. Only the best I save like brochure. 

I come to 15 universities SPBGU, RANEPA, ITMo and a lot of others. 
This is about 34 lessons to different disciplines that we have in all of Saint-Petersburg Universities. 
I talk a lot and try different questions, that I write or ask teachers. Often they said that I speak very fast and too hard information. I try slower but nothing hear from them. I really want to have answers. I have a lot of different question on paper and there are about 500 questions that I want ask only to humans. I come to Universities and make psychosomatic tests for students. From it I make useful researches from colors and thought of Russian students. Combine to psycho types and combine with race, color of hair, eyes and other things. 
After all I connect to business tournament in our team we have an girl from MBA degree. It's boring, because she is doing nothing and think that she was much smarter than we. We lose it tournament, because in the end all my and my teammate work don't add by girls to presentation. Wa work 2 girls two boys. Girls think that she is better and do like they see. We lose it and don't come to the second stage. We haven't been also in first 50th teams from 90 that we have. I think I have experience from it, of course because I do researching for aviation and spaceships theme connected to polymers. After this I see the stand of this company and talk with workers we connect and they take my researching abroad. 
I study a lot, about 10 hours every day, sometimes all 16. But average is 12 hours a day. 

In the last I make a lot of writings like hints for others. That's everyday or everymonth value of the day, that contain different skills that I have in process. 

I come to german science conference and talk about projects. I write e-mail to different professors, but no one answer to me. 

In the May and June I collect my science portfolio by doings attestation works for different universities. I do about 50 works and collect it from all disciplines. It's like I end a year in 20 universities and 1,2,3,4 degree. I write all from me, I don't copy something between containing, I make sending to books and researching that human have. But all works I write by me and my mind. 

This is the first moment of my life where I have been interested in study because I have target and tasks. All my life I study on practice and don't do researching. Now I do it and very good for 18 years.  

Also I may said that I study when I do my site I study for culture and make it good. I create a lot of and after start of June I every time only do my site. It's my interest and passion. 

I do it for rule that I create by me and myself. 12 % doings = 88% result. 

I write a lot and time by time, step by step. In free time I playing games like Minecraft, Dota, Cs Go. 

Because it's really have some mind games, reaction, imagination, free and a lot of characteristics that have every cyber gamer. 

I like this way and I see results of all my doings and study. I have the bigest motivation to change world. 
3. Creating

In this year I create a lot and really like it. May be only at this moment, but I spend a lot of time and think a lot when I do this all. Calculate and exchange thinking. This all similar with life structures and work of world. 

I make all of concepts, prototypes and start one project. 

Conceptual ideas that I have placed on site, I can't show and talk more. Cause I think someone may stole it make and do bad thing. I don't think about money, but only I can make it real with great team and a lot of calculations. I don't want show all of ideas only because they may be done wrongly. I see it differently between others and in most of it I believe and dream to be part of it. 
There are 100-120 concepts. Prototype of bodyguard and earphones, also I start making furniture and instruments. Project of business from myself, that I do at the moment of writing it and I think this project will be in all my life. I do about 5 designed clothes. I make 2 portraits, 3 paintings, all by oil. Start 47 notebooks, end 5 record books. Create about 1000 Graphical images. Do about 50000 photos by phone and camera. Write about 50 lyrics. Write autobiography. Save nearly all about me from 2019. Create 1 theory about 30course work, 3 diploma work. Create 5 sites. Create 3 programmes. Create nearly plan for 3 years and have plans for 50 years. Write 1000-1200 list of papers. Make about 100 researches about humans and also me.

Run nearly 300-500 kilometers, it's about 30 hours in running.   

4. Science

I understand science like ars. It's combine of art and science. 

I often find my own way. It's easy because I have only superficial knowledge in all directions. It's really good for me because I haven't restrictions in thoughts. I do all of writings by me and talk with chance when I write something. Because chance – god. And if u can understand chance U may understand all. Like yourself mind or somebody else for example it's small blot or stain from inks near the most powerful word in text. 

I do a lot of concepts that in most help people. 

In this years I want to make something that may safe us. Do better to your environment and change mind of other people. Because I don't understand than people can't help other people or the worst one, they want to make bad to other. What a f? We are all in one cup of tea. We live in one place on Earth. All of you do near you and hit you again more than one time. 
I want to make community when people with mind can change thought. It's simple. I don't understand something like I find it and don't want to said it to someone. People, we are living on planet and try to make humans better. Find interest and points in you to communicate and exchange value. Talk with other and exchange. It's way to be better. If you business find other. If you scientist, find another. It's faster and better anyway. 

A lot of my science connected to study text. Because I interested in all of these directions and all of my concepts showed in the idea page, you may see it. 


5. Art

My art is the part of my soul and this is amazing way to show yourself. I really like it and want to show others.

I have only one name of my painting because I end it. Eposera.
The next one may be suicvayrduCConstantinius. Because it's my portrait. 
I have first portrait and it's girl that give me oil and solvent. I name it 0 portrait. Because I don't write it before. This picture drawing from her photo, but I do it more colorful. I combine different typesin one and this looks amazing for first one. 

The next of them I call later. I only draw them. At the moment I have about 31 paintings. 
And most of them made by oil. 

For me art it's ars – from latin lingua. Because in all art I have a lot of science. That can do it better anyway. I create all of paintings for my own hints and researchings of shadow, colors and forms. And if I draw someone alive I dar it from layers, like bones, meat and skin to make them alive. 
It's really good anyway because I think so and I do a lot of researching. 

6. Passion

My passion in this year is studying. Studying everywhere and everytime. I make it when I walk, seat and sometimes when I run. 

Everytime I do a lot of things and this give me an action way. I really like live in moving because it's one way to be alive. 

My life is full of passion. When I run on streets I dance and in full night where nobody on the streets I walk and sing. I often watch to the up, for sky and stars. When I run and walk. Only if I do something I watch down. 

I really like to hear the music, because it's give me play from ears. I have an melody and often don't think about words, of course words of Queen, ABBA and Michael Jackson amazing. But I really try to find science in songs and show it from body to understand by myself. 
A lot of my general thought in music often connected to words of corse, but only like song, not like a words. 

I like watching and hear only positive things, because I live in positive and present it for others. I don't know what will be after. But my eighteen is very happy in 2019 year. After my naxt stage changing. 

I try in passion concentrate not for things in one. I do it in synergy by finding the middle or harmony. 

7. Habits

I have a lot of strange and unique habits. Some of them write everyday statistic. Watch weight, DSP and temperature. One of habits don't spend money without target.
I everyday wash teeth once. Drink more that 2000 of water. Every day I do more than 10 tasks and 1 target. Wash hands more that 5 times. 
Also I photo all my food. Run everytime then I need to be somewhere, I don't use in mast transport. When I run and hear music I always dance. 
Every my hair skin and blood I save to the box. I text all my supernatural things by time and moment of this, like goosebumps. 
I save every check and ticket. I photo all my rubbish and something more. 

So I have interested to daily dozen or meditating, but in most of it I do it not every day.  I may do it by feelings. Sometimes I need concentration and I do air gym. Sometimes I need harmony and I do meditating and sometimes I need energy – I do daily dozen. 

I value all water and electricity. A calculate it and make statistics. Everytime when I do something I counting seconds in my mind, how long my water turn on and what's power of stream. 

When I sleep I always close the door from everyone by mechanic and physics. Sometimes I write my day hints, from the day practicing. 

Every day I have different results, that combined and I always write it for different points. Always when I wash hands I wash with soap face too. 

At home we have a broken crane and I often place an glass. When it fell I heat water from glass and save water for drink. There are plus from minus. Every day I save about 3000 ml water and drink it all. 

Also habit to have something only by me, don't buy, do it by myself from things that around. I often write tasks after day to next day. I often write down questions that I need to ask someone.

I think I have a lot of more habits, but them are more small.


8. Dream

I have a lot of additional dreams. But the first one – save humanity. 

Some of dreams it's make in real my projects, that I create.

For present moment I have a dream to study in MIT for free. 

Some of dreams to talk, meet, dance, sing, work with some of great people, that I show in people page. 

I have a lot of dreams from them I create an target and from target – tasks. 
I think that first dream that I make in real is my site and business from myself

9. Rest

My rest is changing work.

Sometimes I play football with my friends on street.
Sometimes I play computer games.
Sometimes I play chess. 
Sometimes I draw write and modeling. 
Sometimes I meditating, running doing daily dozen. 

10. Sport

Sport for me is the part of life everytime when I left home. Every time I run and dance. With my friends we play to football and like it so much. It's good to play because we like it all. We know us together very good but in most I play without friends. Because they have their team and they don't take me to their team. I play with other people and fast find our contact. 

In sport I use for communication verbal communication, I talk by hands and body, fingers and foots. But I think so little part of people can understand me. 
11. Work

I said it in part of studying. I try to work in different directions and there nothing for me in future I want work only for projects and outsource. I think this way may be more efficient for me, may be I want to help big corporations to give them my view. Or exchange of view. 

I want to have experience but without wasting my time without interest.  

12. Illness

I ill in this year 2 times in the start of march and summer. 

Also I broke my big finger and have 2 scars. 

13. People

In this year I talk mostly with unknown for me people and this is great talking. I really like it and this is great for me. I really free and open with unknown people. 

The best friend in this time is Polina Senko. 
Also I start again talk with all people that remember me from past. And connect with my best friend  during early and middle childhood. 

14. Family

In this year I can't talk with family because I won't be part of it. 
I talk only with brother, sister and my grandmother. 

I really can't talk with my parents because they don't understand me in way of intelligence and smart. I try it to do, but they can't understand my specific professional words. They have their problems and I don't think about it. 

I really train, play and work with my brother and sister. I make psychosomatic analyze and find their interest and help them. I study with them English, Psychology and with brother I try to understand Latin. 

I study my sister how to cook, dance and sing. Also we study healing and teaching.

I study my brother to simple programming. We play football, cook, games, psychology, management, business and some child philosophy. 

I have a different games with them one of it – simulation of animals. I simulate animals from body, hands, fingers and all of them needs to win or tame.

For example I have a spider from wrist. There are different types and characteristics. But all of them wins by scratching the palm.

I think that's nice for remembering, concentration, speed and think. 

Also I have a useful information. For example a snake – to win snake they need to take it near beginning of wrist. It's like in real life, they need to do it very fast, because my hand fast too. 


